docs: Update grafana agent java example readme (#3136)
grafana/pyroscope: examples/grafana-agent-auto-instrumentation/java/README.md

# Grafana Agent Java profiling via auto-instrumentation example

This repository provides a practical demonstration of leveraging the Grafana Agent for continuous Java application profiling using Pyroscope in a dockerized environment. It illustrates a seamless approach to profiling Java processes, aiding in performance optimization.

## Overview

Using this example, you'll learn how to use Grafana Agent for continuous Java process profiling using Pyroscope with the async-profiler. This example provides an insightful view into application performance.

### Profiling methodologies

> Java applications can be profiled via Pyroscope using three methodologies. The example showcases the the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent` to a running process, initializing the profiler at application startup without source code modifications or extra dependencies. Manage configuration using Java parameters or environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Java applications can be profiled via Pyroscope using three methodologies. The example showcases attaching the the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent` to a running process via the Grafana Agent without source code modifications or extra dependencies. Manage configuration using Java parameters or environment variables.
```

Refer to the [official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/grafana-agent/java/) for an in-depth understanding and additional configuration options for Java profiling with the Grafana Agent.

### Grafana Agent and async-profiler

> The Grafana Agent automates Java process discovery for profiling, streamlining the setup per application. It enables precise and targeted profiling configurations through the Grafana Agent settings.

Reviewer: I made a change that makes it more accurate imo. Take a look and change wording as needed (we might want another pass from @knylander-grafana as well?)

> # Grafana Agent Java Profiling via Auto-instrumentation Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Grafana Agent Java profiling via auto-instrumentation example
```

This repository provides a practical demonstration of leveraging the Grafana Agent for continuous Java application profiling using Pyroscope in a dockerized environment. It illustrates a seamless approach to profiling Java processes, aiding in performance optimization.

## Overview

> The example illustrates the utilization of Grafana Agent for continuous Java process profiling. It employs Pyroscope with the async-profiler to facilitate this, offering an insightful view into application performance.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this example, you'll learn how to use Grafana Agent for continuous Java process profiling using Pyroscope with the async-profiler. This example provides an insightful view into application performance.

```

> ### Profiling Methodologies

Reviewer 2: Our style in documentation is to use sentence case instead of title case. For example, this heading would be: 
```suggestion
### Profiling methodologies
```

> Java applications can be profiled via Pyroscope using three methodologies, The example emphasizes the first method, showcasing the attachment of the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Java applications can be profiled via Pyroscope using three methodologies. The example emphasizes the first method, showcasing the attachment of the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent`. 
```

Refer to the [official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/grafana-agent/java/) for an in-depth understanding and additional configuration options for Java profiling with the Grafana Agent.

The three methodologies are as follows:

1. **Java Agent** (this example): Attach the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent` to a running process, initializing the profiler at application startup without source code modifications or extra dependencies. Manage configuration using Java parameters or environment variables.

2. **OTel Integration** ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/trace-span-profiles/java-span-profiles/)): Utilize the OTel integration as an extension to `otel-java-instrumentation`, in conjunction with `opentelemetry-javaagent` to link java profiles with trace spans. This method is suitable for applications already using OpenTelemetry.

> 3. **Direct Dependency** ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/language-sdks/java/)): Integrate Pyroscope directly within your application's code to allow dynamic profiler management.

Reviewer: This example doesn't show the first method (or the other 2). In this approach the grafana agent attaches to the running Java processes and auto-instruments them (starts profiling) with async-profiler. Perhaps remove this section altogether and add a note in the next section about how this works. 

To clarify, the first method mentioned above requires changing the command to start the java application, an example of this is https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/blob/94c1b653676fae43da8bddec2ed866a1ce19a3ae/examples/language-sdk-instrumentation/java/rideshare/Dockerfile#L40-L42

> 1. **Java Agent (this example): Attach the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent` to a running process, initializing the profiler at application startup without source code modifications or extra dependencies. Configuration is manageable via Java parameters or environment variables.**
> 
> 2. **OTel Integration ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/trace-span-profiles/java-span-profiles/)):** Utilize the OTel integration as an extension to `otel-java-instrumentation`, in conjunction with `opentelemetry-javaagent` to link java profiles with trace spans. This method is suitable for applications already using OpenTelemetry.
> 
> 3. **Direct Dependency ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/language-sdks/java/)):** Integrate Pyroscope directly within your application's code, allowing dynamic profiler management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Java Agent** (this example): Attach the Pyroscope profiler as a `javaagent` to a running process, initializing the profiler at application startup without source code modifications or extra dependencies. Configuration is manageable via Java parameters or environment variables.

2. **OTel Integration** ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/trace-span-profiles/java-span-profiles/)): Utilize the OTel integration as an extension to `otel-java-instrumentation`, in conjunction with `opentelemetry-javaagent` to link java profiles with trace spans. This method is suitable for applications already using OpenTelemetry.

3. **Direct Dependency** ([docs](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/next/configure-client/language-sdks/java/)): Integrate Pyroscope directly within your application's code to allow dynamic profiler management.
```

> ### Grafana Agent and Async-Profiler
> 
> The Grafana Agent automates Java process discovery for profiling, streamlining the setup per application. It enables precise and targeted profiling configurations through the Grafana Agent settings.
> 
> ## Getting Started
> 

Reviewer 2: Is async-profiler a proper noun?
```suggestion
### Grafana Agent and async-profiler

The Grafana Agent automates Java process discovery for profiling, streamlining the setup per application. It enables precise and targeted profiling configurations through the Grafana Agent settings.

## Getting started

```

To use this example:

1. Install and run Docker.
2. Clone this repository and navigate to the example's directory.
3. Use Docker Compose to build and initiate the container:

```shell
   docker-compose up --build
```

> The Grafana Agent starts profiling the Java application as per the defined configuration once the container is operational.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the container is operational, the Grafana Agent profiles the Java application using he defined configuration.
```

## Considerations

> Root privileges are necessary for running the Grafana Agent for profiling, which must be executed within the host's PID namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need root privileges to run the Grafana Agent for profiling. The Agent must be executed within the host's PID namespace.
```
